Terel Crisostomo
S12

1. In your own words, do you think, we really need DevOps?

Yes, we need DevOps because it makes us develop projects faster and ensure that they are well-maintained when deployed. It helps us to improve our processes
on how we develop things (especially on software) and guarantees that what we build is something reliable and efficient. Moreover, it helps us to communicate with 
other departments that can easily lead to better feedback which can help us determine the areas that we need to improve moving forward.

2. Kindly differentiate the three components of DevOps: CI, CD, and CD.

Continuous Integration (CI) - is a practice that integrates source code changes to a shared repository. It is essential for projects wherein many 
                              contributors/developers will work with one another because every change they do will be located in one location only.

Continuous Delivery (CD) - is an extension of Continuous Integration (CI) where the project can be ready for production release anytime. The entire
                           process for releasing the project is already automated because every change is automatically built, tested, and configured

Continuous Deployment (CD) - is a practice that functions beyond Continuous Delivery (CD) because it automatically deploys the project to the production
                             environment. Changes made will be quickly visible to the users, and there is no need to wait just to manually 
                             deploy these.


3. In your own opinion, and based on your experience so far, what could be the most challenging part of observing the DevOps framework?

The most challenging part for me would be the transition or learning everything from the beginning because there will be the need to adjust to new
practices. The utilization of different tools can be difficult to grasp because of being unfamiliar with them. I think it is also challenging to monitor
every update or change done in the projects especially if there are several people who are simultaneously working on it.