Tan, Kathleen 
February 27, 2023
S12

1. In your own words, do you think, we really need DevOps?

	Personally, I think that we need DevOps as it is now emerging in the tech industry and it aims to increase an organization's ability to deliver applications and sevices at high velocity. 
	DevOps has become increasingly important in recent years as software development and IT operations have become more integrated and automated. In addition, it enables organizations to develop
	and deploy software faster and more efficiently which is achieved through the automation of processes and the use of tools for continuous integration and delivery. Since DevOps promotes
	collaboration between development and operations team, as well as quality assurance and security teams, better communication and a shared sense of ownership over the software development process
	is achieved.

2. Kindly differentiate the three components of DevOps: CI, CD, and CD.

	- CI or Continuous Integation involves automatically building, testing, and integrating code changes into a shared repository on a frequent basis.
		Its goal is to identify and fix integration issues as early as possible in the development process, reducing the risk of defects and other issues. Git is an example of a tool that is used in CI.
		
	- CD or Continuous Delivery is a software development practice that builds on top of CI to automate the entire software delivery process, from code changes to deployment.
		Its goal is to enable organizations to release software to production quickly and reliably, while maintaining high levels of quality and minimizing the risk of errors and failures.
		
	- CD or Continuous Deployment automatically deploy code changes to production as soon as they pass all tests and quality checks and it builds on top of Continuous Delivery.
		Its goal is to continuously and automatically release new features and updates to customer, without manual intervention.
	
3. In your own opinion, and based on your experience so far, what could be the most challenging part of observing the DevOps framework?
		
	Observing the DevOps framework can be challenging, as it involves changes to the culture, processes, and technology of an organization. However, the most challenging part for me would be the
	change in processes which includes automating repetitive tasks, breaking down silos between development and operations team, and implementing continuous integration, delivery, and deployment.